Hello Im Nick and for the last five years I've had a place in the banking industry as a mainframe operator. I worked mostly nights sometimes up to 12 hours monitoring mainframe functionality and responding if any servers had blown up. A natural curiosity, immersion in tech, and desire to build expressed at a young age by disassembling of broken devices such as radios and dvd players, has lead me to software development and in turn Tech Elevator.

As of now in my journey, I'm seeking a position as a junior software developer. Eager to find a team that shares my passion and provides ample opportunities for collaboration. I believe with our collaborative effort we can for create products that a have true impact.




Hello, I'm Nick, and for the past five years, I've been part of the banking industry as a mainframe operator. My role primarily involved overnight shifts, where I spent up to 12 hours monitoring and maintaining the mainframe, promptly responding to any server issues that arose. Since a young age, my curiosity and passion for building led me to dismantle and reassemble devices like radios and DVD players, sparking my interest in technology and ultimately guiding me towards software development, culminating in my enrollment at Tech Elevator.

Currently, I'm eager to embark on the next phase of my journey as a junior software developer. I'm enthusiastic about joining a team that shares my passion for collaboration and innovation. Together, I believe we can create impactful products that make a difference


Hi im Nick and for the last five years I've had a life in the banking industry as a mainframe operator. My role was mostly overnight with shifts often spanning over 12 hours. These years immersed in tech coupled with a curiosity from you gained by the dismantling of many device lead me to Tech Elevator, where I saught to tackle the imposing prospect of mastering software development.

Now as that challenge come to a close Im seeking a position as a junior developer. In this role I hope to provide my passion and creativity to a team with ever changing challenges and ample collaborative opportunities. 





Now,  I'm eager continue my software journey thru a junior developer role . In this role I aim to leverage my passion, creativity, and collaborative skills in a dynamic team, presented with evolving challenges. My ultimate goal being to create products that have a true meaningful impact.


Hello, I'm Nick, and for the past five years, I've had a life in the banking industry as a mainframe operator. My role was mostly overnight and often spanning up to 12 hours, where I monitored functionality of the mainframe and ensured servers where not blown up. My immersion in tech and a natural curiosity led me to Tech Elevator, where I sought to further my knowledge if technology by overcoming the challenge of learning software development.

I am now Eager to continue my journey with software through a role as a junior software developer on a team presented with ever evolving challenges. With these challenges I hope to exercise my creativity, passion, and collaborative skills and contribute to meaningful and impactful software solutions.

Now, eager to continue my journey through a junior developer role and as part of a team that is presented with ever-evolving challenges where I can exercise my passion, creativity, and collaborative skills. I believe that I can contribute to such a team  to create quality-focused software that has a meaningful impact.

Hello, I'm Nick, and for the past five years, I've had a life in the banking industry as a mainframe operator. My role was mostly overnight and often spanning up to 12 hours, where I monitored functionality of the mainframe and ensured servers where not blown up. My immersion in tech and a natural curiosity led me to Tech Elevator, where I sought to further my knowledge if technology by overcoming the challenge of learning software development.

I now seek to further that software journey with a role as a junior developer. On a team that is presented with ever-evolving challenges. With such challenges I hope to exercise my creative, technical and collaborative skills to be a part of meaningfull software solutions.

Im now seeking to 